BARCO — VISUAL IDENTITY GUIDELINES: MESSAGING & TONE OF VOICE
================================================================

MESSAGING HIERARCHY

We are a company active in many different markets and speaking to many different audiences. However, the way we communicate is consistent across Barco. Our brand architecture is based on customer impact rather than on company structure. That is why Barco has adopted a master brand approach, with no room for sub-branding or product logos. Both the company and its products are consistently referred to as Barco.

Under Barco's master brand approach, we want to promote the Barco brand as often as possible, and only use names of divisions and legal entities when really needed.

COMPANY & DIVISION NAMES — RULES OF THUMB

Use Barco as often as possible, without reference to division or legal entity name, for both external communication and correspondence. The legal entity name is to be used only in materials and on documents with legal implications. Division names can only be used in combination with the Barco name and only if the company's organizational structure matters in the communication.

When referring to Barco on external communication material such as brochures, ads, newsletters, or magazines, use Barco (without adding the division, market or location), e.g. "Barco introduces new LED display." In the address information field, names of legal entities are to be used. Reference can be made to divisions, business units or business locations only in specific types of external communication (e.g. for investors, analysts and general press). When doing so, the words "division," "business unit," "location," or "facility" always need to be added to clarify the relationship with the Barco parent company, e.g. President of Barco's Entertainment division.

The same basic rule also applies for internal communications (i.e. when addressing employees): use Barco as often as possible. When the organizational structure has to be highlighted, division names, business unit names or business locations can be used, always with the qualifying word "division," "business unit," "location," or "facility" attached.

On company stationery and all legally binding documents, including but not limited to invoices, letters, faxes, business cards, and e-mail signatures, the legal entity name is to be used in the address information field. Apart from the address information, the same basic rule applies to the contents: use Barco as often as possible.

BARCO MESSAGING FRAMEWORK

When communicating about Barco, we use our brand mantra: "Visioneering a bright tomorrow." When referring to our markets, we use Visioneering Healthcare, Visioneering Enterprise and Visioneering Entertainment.

When talking about our segments, we use an inspirational "What if" question or "Imagine" statement, e.g. "What if meetings could be truly inclusive?", "Imagine diagnosing patients before they get sick," "What if you could perform surgery from the other side of the world?", "What if a control room could run an entire city?"

At the level of product communication, we leave flexibility to communicate in a more tangible way and speak the language of the customer. We then allow other creative concepts and messaging which are still in line with the Barco brand. The hierarchy runs from Level 1 (Barco, the master brand and mantra) through Level 2 (segments: Enterprise, Entertainment, Healthcare, each paired with Visioneering) to Level 3 (inspirational What-if/Imagine statements) down to Level 4 (tangible, product-specific communication).

TONE OF VOICE AND WRITING STYLE

The way in which a text is written may encourage a reader to continue or stop reading. Barco uses a natural writing style, based upon the language of everyday speech. Fancy oratorical touches, bureaucratic phrases, or explicit commercial wording are not part of the Barco style. The tone of voice and writing style should not only respect our mission and brand values but should also reflect the following guidelines. Never forget to write from an outcomes point of view: find the outcome for our customer that will draw his attention.

WARM AND PERSONAL STYLE AND TONE OF VOICE

We want to be perceived as a warm, open company that works together with you. Our readers will only relate to us and our solutions if they feel personally addressed. So avoid writing in the impersonal third person (Barco and the customer). Use a more personal style (you and me). Do: "We" / "You". Don't: "Barco" / "the customer" — i.e. never refer to the company or the reader in the impersonal third person when a first- or second-person alternative is natural.

AMERICAN ENGLISH

As Barco is a global company, targeting selected key markets all over the world, American English is the standard for all communication tools. We adhere to the spelling rules as set in the Cambridge Dictionary. Do: color, gray, visualization, center, program. Don't: colour, grey, visualisation, centre, programme. Always prefer the American spelling over the British spelling in customer-facing copy.

ACTIVE, RATHER THAN PASSIVE

Active sentences describe events more concisely and in a more dynamic way than passive sentences. Do: "A buys B." Don't: "B is bought by A." Prefer active-voice constructions throughout.

JARGON

Technical terms are to be used only in Barco communication when addressing a specialist audience. Try to avoid jargon in writing intended for a wide audience (e.g. press releases, company introductions, market brochures). If you feel there is a need to use jargon in general texts, make sure the word is properly explained on first use.

SHORT WORDS, SIMPLE SENTENCES AND WELL-STRUCTURED PARAGRAPHS

As a large part of our audience are not native speakers, it is essential that a message is well understood. Therefore, use short, frequently used words; keep complicated constructions to a minimum and avoid the use of long paragraphs. Paragraphs should be considered as units of thought, rather than units of length. Aim for a maximum sentence length of 25 words. Do: "We decided," "I intend." Don't: "We made a decision," "I have the intention."

ABBREVIATIONS

Unless abbreviations are more commonly used than the full form, they are written in full on first appearance, with the abbreviation between brackets. Acronyms (abbreviations formed from the first letter of each of the principal words) are all capitals (e.g. NATO). Abbreviations that are composed of bits of words and that can be pronounced as words are spelt as plain text (e.g. Unicef).

FIGURES & NUMBERS

Numerals from one to ten are spelt in words, except in references to pages and percentages. Numerals from 11 upwards, and numerals that include a decimal point or fraction, are written in figures. Do: "Two contracts," "Page 3," "8%," "24 displays." Don't: "2 contracts," "Page three," "Eight percent," "Twenty-four displays."

PHONE AND FAX NUMBERS

Phone and fax numbers are written as follows: +country code, area code, number. Do: "+32 56 123 456." Don't: "0032 56 123 456."

DATES

To ensure a uniform impression across continents, dates are consistently written day/month/year. Do: "3 June 2004," "June 3, 2003." Don't: "3rd June 2003," "3rd of June, 2003."

FINANCIAL REFERENCES

In running text, always use the currency symbol before the figure, with no space between the currency symbol and the figure. Million can be abbreviated to "m"; billion is always spelt out. If the currency symbol is omitted, the currency is put behind the figure. Do: "€250 million," "€250m," "€32 billion," "32 billion euro." Don't: "€ 250million," "€250 m," "€32 bn," "euro 32 billion."

TITLES & HEADLINES

Headlines should be active, present tense and short (preferably no longer than two lines). Titles in brochures and other communication tools follow standard spelling rules, i.e. initial cap only for the first word of the title. For example, a typical press release would read: "Barco wins $25 million contract for LED installation at Leira stadium."

BARCO — CAPITALIZATION

Barco is consistently written in lower case, with a capital B. Avoid using Barco in full caps. Do: "Barco." Don't: "BARCO."

VISIONEERING A BRIGHT TOMORROW — CAPITALIZATION

"Visioneering a bright tomorrow" is consistently written in lower case with a capital V.

COPYRIGHT NOTICE

Copyright notices contain the copyright symbol ©, year of first publication and owner, e.g. "© 2023, Barco." Barco is consistently written in lower case, with a capital B; avoid using Barco in full caps here as well.

PRODUCT NAMES & TRADEMARKING

Barco's "one company, one image" approach is aimed at increasing and strengthening brand equity over time. That's why we offer three naming possibilities: a fully descriptive name (e.g. Barco Canvas); compound words highlighting USPs (e.g. ClickShare, Barco UniSee); or product codes. As a general naming rule, choose a descriptive name that can be abbreviated to an acronym whenever a product line needs to be created. Use only descriptive or compound names for key features. Precede the name by Barco® to get basic protection of the name and to reinforce the position of the new name as a Barco product in the market. For exceptions, reach out to Barco's brand manager.

Barco is a branded house. Only the Barco name and Barco logo should be trademarked. All products and services offered by Barco should have a descriptive (compound) name or product code, which will not be registered as a trademark. In some very exceptional cases, a new product or service can be registered with a trademark: to protect crown jewels that bring new, high added and distinctive value to the Barco brand as well as high revenue projections (e.g. UniSee); for competitive reasons, when the product is targeting a very specific market segment with competitive offers that have been trademarked (e.g. Demetra, Nexxis, Eonis); for commercial/marketing reasons, when the product has the potential to become a crown jewel and is targeting a completely new broad market segment in which Barco has not yet built a name for itself (e.g. ClickShare); or due to trademark inherited from the acquisition of a company with already-trademarked products (e.g. wePresent).
